what those girls do over there all day
over the mysteries of female life there
is drawn a veil best left undisturbed Oh
revenge is mine quote see you ought to
publish it so really Columbia Pictures
invites you to share the holidays with a
family of Little Women Joe I was gonna
be a writer I'd go to New York and
pursue the stage are you shocked very
Meg what's that strange smell
[Music]
[Applause]
you me Beth what's her Christmas wish
perhaps you could send the homos our
bread they have so little and we have so
much Amy
waited my whole life to be kissed and
what if I miss it I promise to kiss you
before you die through times of hardship
and times of joy
present myself as a loyal and very
humble servant if ik4 sisters followed
their dreams yeah you have so many
extraordinary gifts how can you expect a
live ordinary life you should be rising
from the depths of your soul found their
love
as we marry it all making things just
stay as they are
I have loved you since the moment I
clapped eyes on you daddy please don't
ask me
shared their tears we love being home
but I don't like being left behind I am
one going from girls to women and I say
I would kiss you before you die
surprise their destiny you have a
daughter and a son
I was wherever their hearts would take
them
Trini Alvarado Samantha Mathis Kirsten
Dunst Claire Danes and Susan Sarandon
the story that has lived in our hearts
for generations comes to the screen for
the holidays
[Music]
you